Functional
The game shall have a minimum of two players.
The game shall have a maximum of six players.
The game shall require each player to have a token representation in game.
The game shall allow the player to choose their token or have it randomly assigned.
The game shall have the following tokens: boot, smartphone, goblet, hatstand, cat, spoon.
The game shall have an infinite amount of money available to the bank.
The game shall not allow the players to borrow money from the bank.
The game shall allow the players to sell properties to the bank.
The game shall shullfe the two packs of cards at the start of the game.
The game shall put used cards onto the bottom of the appropritate deck.
The game shall have the turn player roll two dice on their turn to show the distance they will move.
The game shall move the player clockwise a number of squares equal to their dice roll.
The game shall give the player an additional turn if they roll a double on their turn.
The game shall send a player to jail if they roll three consecutive doubles.
The game shall be able to send a player to jail: the player's token is moved to the "in jail" square and does not pass go.
The game board shall consist of spaces which can be: properties, pot luck, opportunity knocks,
 free parking, jail/just visiting, instructions.
The game shall present the player with the top card of the pot luck or opportunity knocks deck when the player 
  lands on the space associated with it and then carries out the action listed on the card.
The game shall carry out the instructions listed on an instruction space when the player lands on it.
The game shall ensure that no player may purchase a property until they have completed a complete circuit of the board.
The game shall ensure that when a player passes the 'Go' space, they recieve £200 from the bank.
The game shall ensure that no player owns any of the properties at the start of the game.
The game shall transfer money from a player to the bank when they purchase an un-owned property and that property is transfered from the bank to the player. 
The game shall ensure that if a player lands on a space that contains a property they have not yet purchased, they have the ability to by that property.
The game shall auction a property if it is not yet purchased and the player who landed on the corresponding space did not buy that property.
When a property is auctioned, each player has the ability to make a bid.
The bank must sell an auctioned property to the highest bidder.
The game shall leave auctioned properties unsold if there are no bidders.
The game shall transfer money from a player 
The game shall run on both Windows and Mac, if not possible, Windows as priority.
The game shall double rent on properties if the owner owns that whole colour group.
The game shall charge rent when a player lands on a property according to the card when property is improved with houses/hotels
The game shall make players sell game assets to pay rent if they are unable to pay. If the rent total is still not reached, they are bankrupt and removed from the board.
The game shall not allow money borrowing/lending between players, and between a player and the bank
The game shall only allow improving properties when a player have finished moving their token, and completed any property purchase.
The game shall only allow house/hotel purchases on a property where the player owns the whole colour group
The game shall allow a player to sell property back to the bank if they need to raise funds. But, houses/hotels on the propert must be sold back first.
The game shall only allow purchases of houses as long as there is not a difference more than 1 house between all the properties in the set.
The game shall allow the purchase of a hotel for 5x the price of one house.
The game shall allow to have at max, 4 houses on one set. and a hotel on another in that set.
The game shall only allow one hotel on any given property.
The game shall allow the raising of funds for a player by mortaging their properties, the bank provides half of the original cost.
The game shall not allow any rent to be collected while a property is under mortgage.
The game shall allow the player to sell a mortgaged property to the bank, sold for half the original property price shown on the card.
The game shall put any fines paid into the free parking space in the centre of the board.
The game shall reward a given player with all money in free parking when they land on it.
The game shall allow a player to exit jail by paying £50. This £50 is added to free parking.
The game shall move a player who has exitted jail to the 'just visiting' space and the player turn ends.
The game shall allow a player to stay in jail, giving up their turn for the next 2 rounds.
The game shall not allow rent to be collected while a player is in jail.
The game shall move the player to 'just visiting' if they opt to stay in jail and the two rounds have passed.
The game shall allow the player to exit jail and move to 'just visiting' if they have a 'get out of jail free' card. The player turn ends, and the card is then placed at the bottom of the appropriate pile.
The game shall allow a player exiting jail to take their turn as normal the next round.



The game shall begin with each player having £1,500.
The game's turn order shall play clockwise.

Non-Functional

The game shall be 'fun to play', and a 'colourful and intuative' UI, reflecting that of the original game.


Domain


