Functional
 System is the banker, responsible for distributing cash
 Bank total 50000
 Player cannot borrow money from bank, can trade with bank
 Both card packs shuffled at beginning of each game
 Used cards placed at bottom of pile
 Player moves number of place shown on dice
 If Player throws double, take another turn. On third double: jail (not rewarded for passing go)
 Property purchases not allowed until player has lapped the board
 All properties initially owned by bank, card price required for purchase
 
 Once a player has made their move, if they land on a property that has not yet been purchased, 
 they have the opportunity to buy that property. If they decide not to buy that property then
 the property is auctioned by the bank. Each player makes a bid to the bank. The bank sells the 
 property to the highest bidder. If there are no bids, then the property remains unsold. All bidding
 players must have completed one circuit of the board.
 
 Rent doubled when set collected
 Landing on house/hotels, pay rent on corresponding card
 Rent must be paid in cash
 Player must sell assets if unable to pay in cash
 If player cannot pay, they are bankrupt and out the game
 If unowned, player can buy property
 Houses/hotels are only available if colour group owned by player
 Mortgaged property will be sold to the bank for half price
 Fine payments accumulate in centre of board, if player lands on free parking they collect the funds
 £50 payment to get out of jail, this is added to free parking
  When in jail, stay there for next 2 rounds, cannot collect rent.
  Use of 'Get out of jail free card', card returned to bottom of pile
  Once out of jail, by any means, player moved to 'just visiting', turn ends.    
 
 
Non Function
  Can only be played with 2 – 6 players, computed or otherwise
  Two dice rolled
  Players start on 'Go'
  Players move clockwise
  Each player has a game token
  Each player takes a turn to roll, in order
  Player starts with 1500 cash
  Board spaces can be : properties, pot luck, opp knocks, free parking
    Pot luck, opp knocks : take corrosponding card, placed at bottom
  Player receives 200 on passing go
  Pay rent on owned property
  Only at end of turn can player buy houses/hotels
   Price of house/hotels shown on card
  Player can sell property back to bank if empty, aswell as houses/hotels
  No borrowing, or lending between players and bank
  Purchasing of houses/hotels must be sequential whereby the difference in the highest amount of houses/hotels on a colour group is
  never more than 1
  one hotel on each property max
  hotel price is 5 * house price
  Player can mortgage, bank will pay half price of property. No rent collected whilst mortgaged
  
  
Domain
