Functional
The game shall have a minimum of two players.
The game shall have a maximum of six players.
The game shall require each player to have a token representation in game.
The game shall allow the player to choose their token or have it randomly assigned.
The game shall have the following tokens: boot, smartphone, goblet, hatstand, cat, spoon.
The game shall have an infinite amount of money available to the bank.
The game shall not allow the players to borrow money from the bank.
The game shall allow the players to sell properties to the bank.
The game shall shullfe the two packs of cards at the start of the game.
The game shall put used cards onto the bottom of the appropritate deck.
The game shall have the turn player roll two dice on their turn to show the distance they will move.
The game shall move the player clockwise a number of squares equal to their dice roll.
The game shall give the player an additional turn if they roll a double on their turn.
The game shall send a player to jail if they roll three consecutive doubles.
The game shall be able to send a player to jail: the player's token is moved to the "in jail" square and does not pass go.
The game board shall consist of spaces which can be: properties, pot luck, opportunity knocks,
 free parking, jail/just visiting, instructions.
The game shall present the player with the top card of the pot luck or opportunity knocks deck when the player 
  lands on the space associated with it and then carries out the action listed on the card.
The game shall carry out the instructions listed on an instruction space when the player lands on it.
The game shall ensure that no player may purchase a property until they have completed a complete circuit of the board.
The game shall ensure that when a player passes the 'Go' space, they recieve £200 from the bank.
The game shall ensure that no player owns any of the properties at the start of the game.
The game shall transfer money from a player to the bank when they purchase an un-owned property and that property is transfered from the bank to the player. 
The game shall ensure that if a player lands on a space that contains a property they have not yet purchased, they have the ability to by that property.
The game shall auction a property if it is not yet purchased and the player who landed on the corresponding space did not buy that property.
When a property is auctioned, each player has the ability to make a bid.
The bank must sell an auctioned property to the highest bidder.
The game shall leave auctioned properties unsold if there are no bidders.
The game shall transfer money from a player 

gone up to 4.11)


The game shall begin with each player having £1,500.
The game's turn order shall play clockwise.

Non-Functional




Domain
